# Contributing

## Jokula Build Info

> This is a hard fork of `tailwindlabs/heroicon` that attempts to maintain downstream sync with canonical icons in `src`
> Build and tooling is specific to this fork, it is kind of janky but works for now :shrug_emoji:

- Created a new package `jk`
- Icons go in `src/16/jk`, `src/20/jk`, `src/24/jk`
- Icons should be named by `<three letter code>-<icon name>`, eg. `isl-waterfall-skogafoss`
- These are the files involved, grep `jk` in them:
   ```
   package.json
   react/index.esm.js
   react/index.js
   react/package.json
   scripts/build.js
   scripts/verify-names.js
   vue/index.esm.js
   vue/index.js
   vue/package.json
   svgo.16.jk.mjs
   svgo.20.jk.mjs
   svgo.24.jk.mjs
   ```
- Adapted GitHub workflow to work with Jokula's GitHub and NPM
- At NPM, created an organization name `jokula-heroicons` for the scoped packages `@jokula-heroicons/react` and `@jokula-heroicons/vue`

----

### Jokula Build Instructions

> Develop in branches, build and release from `main`

`// ----- DEVELOPMENT`

- Create features, fixes, etc in branch using [conventional commits spec](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/)
- Merge PRs to `main` using "Rebase and merge"
- Build and release directly from `main`

`// ----- BUILD STEPS`
   1. `git checkout main`
   2. Increment package version in `package.json`, `react/package.json`, and `vue/package.json`
   3. Run `npm run build && npm install`
   4. Update `CHANGELOG`
   5. `git add` if needed
   6. `git commit -am 'RELEASE: v<semver>'`

`// ----- RELEASE STEPS`
   1. Go to `github.com/jokuladesign/jokula-heroicons`
   2. Create GitHub release tag with same version as build step (2.)
   3. GitHub release workflow action will publish packages to NPM @jokuladesign-heroicons

----

_Below section is the original Tailwind tooling, we should aspire to staged publishing_

## Publishing

This section is intended only for the project maintainers.

1. Increment the version number in the `package.json`, `./react/package.json` and `./vue/package.json` files.
2. Commit and tag those changes.
3. Push the commit and tag to GitHub.
4. Review the draft release generated by GitHub.
5. Publish the new release on GitHub. This will automatically trigger a GitHub action to publish these packages to NPM.
